Add release note for Ballerina regular expressions (#6580)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.5.0 /RELEASE_NOTE.md

### New features

> #### Support for regular expressions as a first-class element

Reviewer: Or
```suggestion
#### Language support for regular expressions
```

?

Author: `Language support for regular expressions`, this is already there with the help of stdlibs?
So don't we need to say we are adding regex as a first class element

Reviewer: That's part of the stdlibs. Since we have a separate Language vs stdlib separation in the release note also, IMO, it is OK.

Reviewer 2: Should be fine. +1

> Ballerina now provides developers with a dedicated built-in type for regular expressions, enabling powerful pattern-matching and text processing operations in their code. The new type, named `RegExp`, is defined in the `lang.regexp` module and conforms to a subset of the ECMAScript specification for regular expressions.

Reviewer: Can't we just say
```suggestion
Ballerina now provides a built-in type for regular expressions, enabling powerful pattern-matching and text processing operations in their code. The new type, named `RegExp`, is defined in the `lang.regexp` module and conforms to a subset of the ECMAScript specification for regular expressions.
```

```ballerina
import ballerina/lang.regexp;
import ballerina/io;

public function main() returns error? {

>     string:RegExp reg = re `[bB].tt[a-z]*`;

Reviewer: Should we mention `string:RegExp` somewhere in the description to avoid confusion? Currently we've just said it's defined in `lang.regexp`.

Author: Updated, Please check

Reviewer 2: What if we use `regexp:RegExp` as CEP in the example? Rephrasing seems more confusing to me. Actual details will be anyway available in the regexp doc refs

Reviewer: My only concern with that is if it may give uses the idea that they have to use `regexp:RegExp`, but we prefer `string:RegExp`, right?

How about something like

> The new type, named `RegExp`, is defined in the new `lang.regexp` module. The `lang.string` module also contains an alias named `RegExp` for the same.

Reviewer 2: Yes true. My only concern is that we don't actually need that information in the release note; isn't it? 
A clear example and a description would suffice. wdyt?

Reviewer 2: Let's go ahead with

> Ballerina now provides a built-in type for regular expressions, enabling powerful pattern-matching and text processing operations in their code. The `RegExp` type is defined in the `lang.regexp` module, and can also be referenced using the type alias in the `lang.string` module. The `RegExp` type conforms to a subset of the ECMAScript specification for regular expressions.

Author: Updated

### New features

#### Language support for regular expressions

> Ballerina now provides a built-in type for regular expressions, enabling powerful pattern-matching and text processing operations in their code. The new type, named `RegExp`, is defined in the `lang.regexp` module, and can also be referenced using the type alias in the `lang.string` module. The `RegExp` type conforms to a subset of the ECMAScript specification for regular expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina now provides a built-in type for regular expressions, enabling powerful pattern-matching and text processing operations in their code. The new type, named `RegExp`, is defined in the `lang.regexp` module, and can also be referred to using the type alias `RegExp` defined in the `lang.string` module. The `RegExp` type conforms to a subset of the ECMAScript specification for regular expressions.
```

Author: Updated.

> Ballerina now provides a built-in type for regular expressions, enabling powerful pattern-matching and text processing operations in their code. The new type, named `RegExp`, is defined in the `lang.regexp` module, and can also be referred to using the type alias `RegExp` defined in the `lang.string` module. The `RegExp` type conforms to a subset of the ECMAScript specification for regular expressions.

Reviewer: Shall we rephrase to elaborate support for regex? Doesn't it kinda emphasize the type atm?

```suggestion
The language now supports regular expressions enabling powerful pattern-matching and text processing operations. A new type, named `RegExp`, has been introduced in the new `lang.regexp` module (it can also be referred to using the type alias `RegExp` defined in the `lang.string` module). The `RegExp` type conforms to a subset of the ECMAScript specification for regular expressions.
```

Author: Updated

```ballerina
import ballerina/lang.regexp;
import ballerina/io;

> public function main() returns error? {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public function main() {
```

### New features

#### Support Regular Expressions as a first class Language Feature

> Regular expressions are now support as a first class language feature in Ballerina, which are represent by the ``RegExp`` built-in type defined in the ``lang.regexp`` module. Balerina uses semantics defined by ``ECMAScript`` for regular expressions. The Ballerina regular expression specification can be found at [Regular expressions (preview).](https://ballerina.io/spec/lang/master/#section_10.1)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Regular expressions are now support as a first class language feature in Ballerina, which are represent by the ``RegExp`` built-in type defined in the ``lang.regexp`` module. Ballerina uses a subset of semantics defined by ``ECMAScript`` for regular expressions. The Ballerina regular expression specification can be found at [Regular expressions (preview).](https://ballerina.io/spec/lang/master/#section_10.1)
```

Regular expressions can declare in following ways.

```ballerina
import ballerina/lang.regexp;

public function main() returns error? {
    string:RegExp _ = re `abc+`;
    regexp:RegExp _ = re `abc+`;
    string:RegExp _ = check regexp:fromString("abc+");
    regexp:RegExp _ = check regexp:fromString("abc+");
}
```

> Regular expression templates support to insert values dynamically into regular expression patterns in following way.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Regular expression templates support to insert values dynamically into regular expression patterns using interpolation.
```

```ballerina
function foo(string name) {
    string:RegExp _ = re `abc+|${name}`;
}
```

> Ballerina regular expressions supports unicode general category templates to match characters based on their Unicode properties. These templates can be used with the ``\p{...}`` or ``\P{...}`` escape sequences in a regular expression. Here ``\P`` represents the negation of a unicode template.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Ballerina regular expression syntax supports unicode general category templates to match characters based on their Unicode properties. These templates can be used with the ``\p{...}`` or ``\P{...}`` escape sequences in a regular expression. Here ``\P`` represents the negation of a unicode template.
```

- ``\p{L}`` matches any letter 
- ``\P{P}`` matches any non-punctuation character

> Ballerina regex also supports unicode script properties that can be used to match characters based on the language. Inorder to represent a unicode script we have to add ``sc=`` inside the curly braces.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Ballerina regular expression syntax supports unicode script properties that can be used to match characters based on the unicode language. In order to represent a unicode script we have to add ``sc=`` inside the curly braces.
```

- ``\p{sc=Latin}`` matches any character in latin.

> Ballerina regexp supports non-capturing groups and flags to control the behavior of regular expression patterns. These allow you to group a set of regular expression constructs without capturing the matched text.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Ballerina regexp supports non-capturing groups and flags to control the behavior of regular expression patterns. These allow to group a set of regular expression constructs without capturing the matched text.
```
